1) Can we create a New table with any old table structure ?

A: Yes we can. That is while creation of new table ,use any false condition as below
   example.
   
Ex:
   create table  emp_new
   as
   select * from emp_old  where 1=2;

2) What is Materialized view? 

A: A view which contains physical data dynamically is known as materialized view.
   Materialized views are created to perform analysis on running business data.

3) How to enable or disable constraint on any table?

A: By using ALTER command , we can enable or disable the following constraints.
   PRIMARY KEY
   FOREIGN KEY
   UNIQUE KEY
   CHECK CONSTRAINT

Ex: alter table <table_name>
    ENABLE / DISABLE  <constraint_name>;

4) Can we add a constraint if the column having invalid data according to constraint?

A: Yes we can add a constraint without checking existing data ,by using 
   NO VALIDATE CONSTRAINT.

   [ But before doing above , the table created with DIFFERABLE column. On this column
     we can add NO VALIDATE constraint ]

5) What is ROWID and its use?

A: It is a pseudo column ,which contains physical address of each record.

6) How to find nth highest salary?

A: select distinct * 
   from(select sal,dense_rank() over(order by sal desc ) rank from emp)
   where rank=n

Note: In the above example , n value is any integer value like 1,2,3,4.. . .

7) What is the difference between TRUNCATE and DELETE operations?

A: Truncate command delete all the records from the table permanently.
   Delete command delete all or some of records from the table , but we can restore 
   deleted records using rollback.

8) What is the difference between Inner join and Correlated join?

A: Inner join will display only matched data from both tables according to join
   condition.
   OUTER join will display complete data from any one table and only matched data
   according to join condition.

9) We are not allowed to perform one dml operation on COMPOSITE VIEW, what is that?

A: Insert operation is not allowed on any composite view.

10) Can we add ON DELETE CASCADE  to the existing FOREIGN KEY column?

A: No .

11) What is CORRELATED subquery, Is it increasing performance?

A: A sub query which depends on Outer query result is known as Correlated subquery.
   It will decrease performance.

12) What is the use index , why it is and what is the difference between 
    view and index?

A: Index is a data base object which contains ordered data from column ,physically.
   Index is useful to search for the required data as much as fast.

   View is a logical table.
   Index is like a physical table.

13) what is GROUP BY clause?

A:  Group by clause internally makes logical groups based on distinct values 
    from column.

14) what is the difference between HAVING and WHERE clauses?
 
A:  Where clause is used to filter table data.
    Having clause is used to filter GROUP BY output.

15) what are the differences between PROCEDURES AND  FUNCTIONS?

A:  By default, Procedures cannot return any value.
    By default, functions return a value.

    Procedures cannot called using SELECT QUERY
    we can all a function from any other object.

16) What is the instead of triggers?

A: Instead of triggers are implemented on composite views  only.

17) What is FOR EACH ROW  in a trigger?

A: It makes the trigger as ROW LEVEL TRIGGER.

18) What is the use of BULK COLLECT?

A: Bulk collect reduce the CONTEXT SWITCH between cursor area and program area.
   so it improves performance of pl/sql program.

19) What are PL/SQL TABLES?

A: Multi dimensional arrays are known as PL/SQL tables, to store a group of records
   with same structure at contiguous memory locations.

20) How do i create user defined record strucutre?

A: By using TYPE, WE CAN create user defined record.

21) What is a local procedure?

A:  A procedure which is created inside  a package is known as local procedure.

22) What is a cursor?

A: A cursor is a pointer to the temporary memory,to perform intermediate operations
   before output delivered to the client.

23) How can i see the source code of any database object?

A: select 
   dbms_metadata.get_ddl('object_type','Object_name')
   from dual;
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   
   


